# The dataset collected in the paper "Spectral Sensing: A Low-Cost and Accurate Solution for Indoor Robotic SLAM"
## [Download Link：SpectrumSlam](https://pan.sjtu.edu.cn/web/share/1d50c578ddbfeded8d0b4485fa905254) 
## Each file including synchronized data streams from a spectral sensor, an odometry system, a depth camera (RGB-D), and a LiDAR sensor
### An overview of the scenarios along with the corresponding file sizes is provided below.
### Exhibition_Space (File size 617MB) is a round-cornered square-shaped area used for testing unmanned vehicles. It is surrounded by various colorful display boards, posters and experimental equipment. In terms of lighting, it is illuminated by three rows of circular ceiling lights to produce diffused lights to the whole space.
### Fitness_Center (File size 365MB) is a fitness activity venue. In the middle of the venue are two ping-pang tables that are moved around by the robot, and around them are various kinds of fitness equipment and chairs. This venue is illuminated by multiple rows of fluorescent tube lights.
### Lounge_Area_1 (File size 580MB) comprises a corridor environment containing some furnishings, equipment, and decorative elements. There are irregularly deployed circular lights above the venue to provide lighting.
### Lounge_Area_2 (File size 940MB) is a rest area containing furniture items including desks and chairs, sofas, bookshelves, green plants and decorative items. However, it is close to the window and thus is influenced by the outdoor light.
### Inter_Building_Trajectory_1 (File size 1.69GB) & Inter_Building_Trajectory_2 (File size 758MB) consist of long-distance paths connecting multiple buildings. Their higher fidelity to real-world industrial conditions makes them suitable for assessing the long-term stability and accuracy of the algorithm.
